#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/dev.txt requirements/dev.in
#
-e git+https://github.com/open-craft/django-angular.git@v1-with-django2-support#egg=django_angular
    # via -r requirements/base.in
aioredis==1.3.1
    # via channels-redis
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   fcache
    #   openstacksdk
    #   virtualenv
apscheduler==3.8.1
    # via unleashclient
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via
    #   channels
    #   channels-redis
    #   daphne
astroid==2.1.0
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   requirements-detector
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via aioredis
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   automat
    #   cmd2
    #   jsonschema
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==21.2.1
    # via daphne
automat==20.2.0
    # via twisted
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backports.zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
    #   tzlocal
beautifulsoup4==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   pynliner
boto3==1.9.253
    # via -r requirements/base.in
boto==2.49.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
botocore==1.12.253
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via cryptography
channels==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   channels-redis
channels_redis==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
cheroot==8.5.2
    # via cherrypy
cherrypy==18.1.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
click==8.0.1
    # via pip-tools
cliff==3.8.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-openstackclient
cmd2==2.1.1
    # via cliff
colorama==0.4.4
    # via cmd2
colour==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements/base.in
constantly==15.1.0
    # via twisted
cookies==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage==4.5.4
    # via -r requirements/test.in
cryptography==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   autobahn
    #   dns-lexicon
    #   openstacksdk
    #   pyopenssl
    #   requests
    #   service-identity
cssutils==2.3.0
    # via pynliner
daphne==2.5.0
    # via channels
ddt==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
debtcollector==2.2.0
    # via
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
decorator==5.0.9
    # via
    #   dogpile.cache
    #   ipython
    #   openstacksdk
    #   traitlets
dictdiffer==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
distlib==0.3.2
    # via virtualenv
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via django-compressor
django-compressor==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-libsass
django-cors-headers==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-debug-toolbar==2.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-extensions==2.1.9
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-grappelli==2.12.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-inlinecss==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-libsass==0.7
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-redis==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-rest-passwordreset==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-simple-email-confirmation==0.60
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-storage-swift==1.2.19
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-storages==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-zurb-foundation==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django==2.2.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   channels
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-inlinecss
    #   django-redis
    #   django-simple-email-confirmation
    #   django-storages
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-simplejwt==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-yasg
dns-lexicon==3.3.13
    # via -r requirements/base.in
dnspython==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
docutils==0.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   botocore
dodgy==0.2.1
    # via prospector
dogpile.cache==1.1.3
    # via openstacksdk
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
entrypoints==0.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
factory-boy==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
faker==8.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   factory-boy
fcache==0.4.7
    # via unleashclient
filelock==3.0.12
    # via virtualenv
flake8-polyfill==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
flake8==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   flake8-polyfill
freezegun==0.3.15
    # via -r requirements/test.in
future==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-inlinecss
    #   dns-lexicon
    #   pyjwkest
futures==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
gitdb2==2.0.6
    # via gitpython
gitpython==2.1.15
    # via -r requirements/base.in
gunicorn==19.9.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
hiredis==2.0.0
    # via aioredis
honcho==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
huey==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
    #   twisted
importlib-metadata==4.6.1
    # via
    #   click
    #   cmd2
    #   cssutils
    #   jsonschema
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo.config
    #   prettytable
    #   stevedore
    #   virtualenv
importlib-resources==5.2.0
    # via
    #   backports.zoneinfo
    #   netaddr
    #   virtualenv
incremental==21.3.0
    # via twisted
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-yasg
ipdb==0.12
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via traitlets
ipython==7.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   ipdb
iso8601==0.1.14
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
isort==4.3.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jaraco.functools==3.3.0
    # via
    #   cheroot
    #   tempora
jedi==0.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via coreschema
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
    #   openstacksdk
jsonpatch==1.32
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   warlock
jsonpointer==2.1
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   warlock
keystoneauth1==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   openstacksdk
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
    # via astroid
libsass==0.21.0
    # via django-libsass
mailchimp3==3.0.13
    # via -r requirements/base.in
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   flake8
    #   prospector
    #   pylint
mmh3==3.0.0
    # via unleashclient
more-itertools==8.8.0
    # via
    #   cheroot
    #   cherrypy
    #   jaraco.functools
msgpack==0.6.2
    # via
    #   channels-redis
    #   oslo.serialization
munch==2.5.0
    # via openstacksdk
mysqlclient==1.4.2.post1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
netaddr==0.8.0
    # via
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
netifaces==0.11.0
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo.utils
nose==1.3.7
    # via -r requirements/test.in
openstacksdk==0.57.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   os-client-config
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-openstackclient
os-client-config==1.32.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
osc-lib==2.4.1
    # via python-openstackclient
oslo.config==8.7.0
    # via python-keystoneclient
oslo.i18n==5.0.1
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
oslo.serialization==4.1.0
    # via
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
oslo.utils==4.9.1
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   drf-yasg
    #   oslo.utils
parso==0.7.1
    # via jedi
pbr==5.6.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   debtcollector
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-service-types
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo.i18n
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   stevedore
pep8-naming==0.4.1
    # via prospector
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pip-tools==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
portend==2.7.1
    # via cherrypy
prettytable==2.1.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-novaclient
prompt-toolkit==3.0.19
    # via ipython
prospector==1.1.4
    # via -r requirements/test.in
psycopg2-binary==2.8.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via service-identity
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pycodestyle==2.3.1
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   prospector
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.10.1
    # via pyjwkest
pydocstyle==6.1.1
    # via prospector
pyflakes==1.6.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   prospector
pygments==2.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   ipython
pyjwkest==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pylint-common==0.2.5
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pylint-django==2.0.15
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pylint-plugin-utils==0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   prospector
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-common
    #   pylint-django
pylint==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   prospector
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-common
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pymongo==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pynliner==0.8.0
    # via django-inlinecss
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   requests
    #   twisted
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   oslo.utils
    #   packaging
pyperclip==1.8.2
    # via cmd2
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
python-cinderclient==7.4.0
    # via python-openstackclient
python-consul==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-glanceclient==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-keystoneclient==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-storage-swift
    #   python-openstackclient
python-magic==0.4.24
    # via django-storage-swift
python-novaclient==17.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   python-openstackclient
python-openstackclient==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-swiftclient==3.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-storage-swift
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pytz==2019.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   apscheduler
    #   django
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   oslo.utils
    #   tempora
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   cliff
    #   dns-lexicon
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo.config
    #   prospector
rcssmin==1.0.6
    # via django-compressor
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-redis
requests-file==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   tldextract
requests[security]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   coreapi
    #   dns-lexicon
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   mailchimp3
    #   oslo.config
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-consul
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-swiftclient
    #   requests-file
    #   responses
    #   tldextract
    #   unleashclient
requestsexceptions==1.4.0
    # via openstacksdk
requirements-detector==0.7
    # via prospector
responses==0.10.6
    # via -r requirements/base.in
rfc3986==1.5.0
    # via oslo.config
rjsmin==1.1.0
    # via django-compressor
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.6
    # via ruamel.yaml
ruamel.yaml==0.17.10
    # via drf-yasg
s3transfer==0.2.1
    # via boto3
selenium==3.141.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
service-identity==18.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   twisted
setoptconf==0.2.0
    # via prospector
simplejson==3.17.2
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-cinderclient
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   apscheduler
    #   astroid
    #   automat
    #   cheroot
    #   cryptography
    #   debtcollector
    #   django-compressor
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-storage-swift
    #   freezegun
    #   jsonschema
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   libsass
    #   munch
    #   oslo.i18n
    #   pyjwkest
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-consul
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-swiftclient
    #   requests-file
    #   responses
    #   traitlets
    #   virtualenv
    #   warlock
smmap2==3.0.1
    # via gitdb2
smmap==4.0.0
    # via smmap2
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via pydocstyle
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stevedore==3.3.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   dogpile.cache
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo.config
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
tempora==4.1.1
    # via portend
testfixtures==6.10.3
    # via -r requirements/test.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
tldextract==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   dns-lexicon
traitlets==4.3.3
    # via ipython
twisted[tls]==21.2.0
    # via daphne
txaio==21.2.1
    # via autobahn
typed-ast==1.4.3
    # via astroid
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   cmd2
    #   importlib-metadata
tzdata==2021.5
    # via pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.1
    # via apscheduler
unleashclient==4.4.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.25.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   selenium
virtualenv==20.4.7
    # via -r requirements/base.in
warlock==1.3.3
    # via python-glanceclient
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   cmd2
    #   prettytable
    #   prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==0.15.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   debtcollector
    #   python-glanceclient
zc.lockfile==2.0
    # via cherrypy
zipp==3.5.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
zope.interface==5.4.0
    # via twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
